DOC-3363 Fix broken links in Corda OS 4.6 pages (#308)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.6/open-source/release-notes.md

#### Improved `killFlow` operations

> We have improved the existing [killFlow RPC operation](https://api.corda.net/api/corda-os/4.5/html/api/kotlin/corda/net.corda.core.messaging/-corda-r-p-c-ops/kill-flow.md), which allows node operators to terminate flows manually - in several ways:

Reviewer: This one just redirects to the API site, but should link to this specific function.
```suggestion
We have improved the existing [killFlow RPC operation](../../../../../en/api-ref/corda/4.6/open-source/kotlin/corda/net.corda.core.messaging/-corda-r-p-c-ops/kill-flow.html), which allows node operators to terminate flows manually - in several ways:
```

and documentation updates to bring additional stability and quality of life improvements to those developing on the Corda platform.

Information on Corda Enterprise 4.0 can be found [here](https://www.r3.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/CordaEnterprise4_Enhancements_FS.pdf) and
[here](https://docs.corda.net/docs/corda-enterprise/4.0/release-notes-enterprise.md). (It’s worth noting that normally this document would have started with a comment
about whether or not you’d been recently domiciled under some solidified mineral material regarding the release of Corda Enterprise 4.0. Alas, we made
that joke when we shipped the first release of Corda after Enterprise 3.0 shipped, so the thunder has been stolen and repeating ourselves would be terribly gauche.)

> 

Reviewer: On line 829 there's a broken link to the CE 4.0 release notes. Looks like a hard link to the old site.
